readme.md, before:

# Development Docs

This is a personal programming guide and code base, to help myself when developing a software project.

It explains the methodologies I use and prefer, how to use them and if possible it explains decisions I took. This way I can keep a knowledge base, instead of going through a process of forgetting and re-learning when retaking an old project.

As it is just a helping tool, it does not aim to be an in-depth guide. It expects a certain grade of knowledge about computer science and software technologies.

## Building the docs

The docs source is composed of markdown files, meant to be used with [Gitbook][gitbook].

## Collaborate

Any kind of help with the project will be well received. Any recommendation or tip can be added to the issue management and will be taken into account.

Of course everybody is free to fork and adapt the project for their own use.

### Issues management

Issues are managed at the GitHub [project issues tracker][issues], where any Github user may report bugs or ask for new features.

### Getting the code


If you wish to fork or modify the code, visit the [GitHub project page][scm], where the latest versions are always kept. Check the 'master' branch for the latest release, and the 'develop' for the current, and stable, development version.

## License

The project has been released under the [MIT License][license].

[issues]: https://github.com/bernardo-mg/development-docs/issues
[license]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
[scm]: https://github.com/bernardo-mg/development-docs

[gitbook]: https://www.gitbook.com/

Commit message:

Added link to the Gitbook project page

readme.md, after:

# Development Docs

This is a personal programming guide and code base, to help myself when developing a software project.

It explains the methodologies I use and prefer, how to use them and if possible it explains decisions I took. This way I can keep a knowledge base, instead of going through a process of forgetting and re-learning when retaking an old project.

As it is just a helping tool, it does not aim to be an in-depth guide. It expects a certain grade of knowledge about computer science and software technologies.

## Reading the docs

The docs can be [read in Gitbook][docs], where they are deployed automatically.

## Building the docs

The docs source is composed of markdown files, meant to be used with [Gitbook][gitbook].

## Collaborate

Any kind of help with the project will be well received. Any recommendation or tip can be added to the issue management and will be taken into account.

Of course everybody is free to fork and adapt the project for their own use.

### Issues management

Issues are managed at the GitHub [project issues tracker][issues], where any Github user may report bugs or ask for new features.

### Getting the code


If you wish to fork or modify the code, visit the [GitHub project page][scm], where the latest versions are always kept. Check the 'master' branch for the latest release, and the 'develop' for the current, and stable, development version.

## License

The project has been released under the [MIT License][license].

[issues]: https://github.com/bernardo-mg/development-docs/issues
[license]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
[scm]: https://github.com/bernardo-mg/development-docs

[docs]: https://www.gitbook.com/book/bernardo-mg/development-docs
[gitbook]: https://www.gitbook.com/
