maven/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

These are some general tips for setting up a Maven project.

Additional configuration is described in the pages after this one.

## Settings file

Sensitive information, such as authentication data, should be moved to a [Maven settings file][maven_settings], located in a secure path.

Then it can be loaded by Maven with any command:

```
mvn deploy --settings ~/settings.xml
```

## Properties

### Default properties

Maven already contains several pre-set variables.

These are defined in the [Maven Super POM][maven_super_pom].

### Additional properties

The following properties are used by Maven plugins, and can be overwritten to set default values:

|Variable|Recommended value|Usage|
|---|---|---|
|project.build.sourceEncoding|UTF-8|Used by plugins to define the file encoding of input files|
|project.reporting.outputEncoding|UTF-8|Used by plugins to define the file encoding of output files|
|maven.compiler.source|1.7|Used by the compiler plugin to define the source code version|
|maven.compiler.target|1.7|Used by the compiler plugin to define the generated artifacts compatibility version|
|maven.compiler.showDeprecation|true|Shows deprecation warnings on compile|
|maven.compiler.showWarnings|true|Shows compilation warnings on compile|

### Array properties

If a property contains several children they can be accessed as an array.

For example this gets the path to the first test resources directory:

```
${project.build.testResources[0].directory}
```

## Extensions

Add the [Wagon SSH][wagon_ssh] to allow deploying through SSH.

[wagon_ssh]: http://maven.apache.org/wagon/wagon-providers/wagon-ssh/
[maven_settings]: https://maven.apache.org/settings.html
[maven_super_pom]: https://maven.apache.org/pom.html#The_Super_POM

Commit message:

Moved Maven CI info to the Maven section

maven/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

These are some general tips for setting up a Maven project.

Additional configuration is described in the pages after this one.

## Settings file

Sensitive information, such as authentication data, should be moved to a [Maven settings file][maven_settings], located in a secure path.

Then it can be loaded by Maven with any command:

```
mvn deploy --settings ~/settings.xml
```

## Properties

### Default properties

Maven already contains several pre-set variables.

These are defined in the [Maven Super POM][maven_super_pom].

### Additional properties

The following properties are used by Maven plugins, and can be overwritten to set default values:

|Variable|Recommended value|Usage|
|---|---|---|
|project.build.sourceEncoding|UTF-8|Used by plugins to define the file encoding of input files|
|project.reporting.outputEncoding|UTF-8|Used by plugins to define the file encoding of output files|
|maven.compiler.source|1.7|Used by the compiler plugin to define the source code version|
|maven.compiler.target|1.7|Used by the compiler plugin to define the generated artifacts compatibility version|
|maven.compiler.showDeprecation|true|Shows deprecation warnings on compile|
|maven.compiler.showWarnings|true|Shows compilation warnings on compile|

There are other variables which can be used, but it is not recommended changing them without a good reason:

|Variable|Usage|
|---|---|---|
|maven.test.skip|Set to true to disable tests|

### Array properties

If a property contains several children they can be accessed as an array.

For example this gets the path to the first test resources directory:

```
${project.build.testResources[0].directory}
```

## Extensions

Add the [Wagon SSH][wagon_ssh] to allow deploying through SSH.

[wagon_ssh]: http://maven.apache.org/wagon/wagon-providers/wagon-ssh/
[maven_settings]: https://maven.apache.org/settings.html
[maven_super_pom]: https://maven.apache.org/pom.html#The_Super_POM
